Updates to troubleshooting snapshots section (#551)
chromaui/chromatic-docs: src/content/snapshot/troubleshooting-snapshots.md

- **Animations**: Chromatic will attempt to pause all animations. However, you may need to [configure](/docs/animations) Chromatic's exact behavior. Chromatic's exact behavior.

- **Unpredictable resource hosts**: Resources that load from unpredictable or flaky sources may not load in time (15s) to capture.To work around this, serve resources as [static files](#serving-static-files) or use a [placeholder service](https://placehold.co/). Learn more about how we [load resources](/docs/resource-loading).

- **Image CDNs & compression algorithms**: Image CDNs optimize for image weight and size, which affect how it renders. Since this happens upstream of Chromatic, any changes to those images in your components will be caught as visual changes. Work around this by ensuring the served images are identical every time and using consistent compression settings. Also consider serving images as [static files](#serving-static-files) or use a [placeholder service](https://placehold.co/)

> - **Web font loading**: Web fonts can load at different times which will impact snapshot consistency, especially when combined with [interactions](/docs/interactions). Serve web fonts as [static files](#serving-static-files) and make sure to [preload](/docs/font-loading) them.

Reviewer: Small suggestion here for a bit of clarity
```suggestion
- **Web font loading**: Web fonts can load at different times, impacting snapshot consistency, especially when combined with [interactions](/docs/interactions). Serve web fonts as [static files](#serve-static-files) and make sure to [preload](/docs/font-loading) them.
```

### Serve static files

When using Playwright or Cypress, you can serve static files like fonts, images, and videos through your app server. This ensures that resources load consistently across all snapshots.

For Storybook, use the [staticDirs](https://storybook.js.org/docs/configure/integration/images-and-assets#serving-static-files-via-storybook-configuration) option to load static files for your stories.

### Use fixed-height wrappers for portal components

Portals allow components to render arbitrary elements outside the parent component's initial DOM hierarchy. For example, tooltips, modals, popovers, and menus can be triggered by a nested button, but render close to the top of the DOM hierarchy using portals.

With Playwright and Cypress, Chromatic snapshots the entire page, including modals, dialogs, and other portaled elements. However, with Storybook, portals render outside of Storybook’s DOM tree which can lead to cut-off snapshots.

<details>
<summary>Why are snapshots of portal components (tooltip, modal, popover, menu) cut off?</summary>

> For stories, Chromatic relies on the "natural" height of your component's outermost DOM element (using Storybook's `#storybook-root` element in version 7 or higher, or the `#root` element for previous versions) to determine snapshot dimensions. As portals render outside of Storybook's DOM tree, their dimensions cannot be auto-detected by Chromatic, which can lead to cut-off snapshots.

Reviewer: Small item here for your consideration, when you can:

```suggestion
For stories, Chromatic relies on the "natural" height of your component's outermost DOM element (using Storybook's `#storybook-root` element in version 7 or higher or the `#root` element for previous versions) to determine snapshot dimensions. As portals render outside of Storybook's DOM tree, Chromatic cannot auto-detect their dimensions, which can lead to cut-off snapshots.
```

</details>

> 
> To capture snapshots of portaled elements, you can use a [decorator](https://storybook.js.org/docs/writing-stories/decorators#component-decorators) that wraps your stories in a fixed height container. You can adjust the height of the container to account for the total dimensions of your component and portal.

Reviewer: Small item for your consideration when you can, feel free to disregard it
```suggestion
To capture snapshots of portaled elements, you can use a [decorator](https://storybook.js.org/docs/writing-stories/decorators#component-decorators) that wraps your stories in a fixed-height container. You can adjust the container's height to account for the total dimensions of your component and portal.
```

Also, now that we have the title option available for the code snippets, we can use it, and if you're ok with it, convert it to TypeScript to align with the rest of the documentation, as we already have moved in that direction. Wouldn't you agree?

<details>
<summary>Where are my videos?</summary>

Videos are interactive and time-based which introduces inconsistencies in snapshots. Chromatic hides videos by default to prevent false positives. You'll see the poster image (if specified) or a blank space where the video is supposed to render.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Why am I getting cross-origin errors with my stories?</summary>

> Most likely you are calling into `window.parent` somewhere in your code. As we serve your test preview iframe inside our `www.chromatic.com` domain this leads to a x-origin error as your code doesn't have access to our frame (with good reason!).

Reviewer: Small item here for you to consider when you can
```suggestion
Most likely, you are calling into `window.parent` somewhere in your code. As we serve your test preview iframe inside our `www.chromatic.com` domain, this leads to an `x-origin` error as your code doesn't have access to our frame (with good reason!).
```
